Update explanation of "active organizations" (#1241)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/organizations/overview.mdx

## Active organization

> When a user is a member of an organization, they can switch between their personal workspace and an organization workspace. The organization workspace that a user is currently viewing is called the **active organization**. The active organization determines which organization-specific data the user can access and which roles and permissions they have within the organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a user is a member of an organization, they can switch between their personal workspace and an organization workspace. The organization workspace that a user is currently viewing is called the **active organization**. The active organization determines which organization-specific data the user can access and which role and related permissions they have within the organization.
```
A user can only have one role, and permissions are tied to that, so just tightening up that part a bit.

> By default, when a user initially signs in to a Clerk-powered application, they are signed in to their personal workspace and no active organization is set. Even if they are a member of only one organization, they must explicitly set it as active.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, when a user initially signs in to a Clerk-powered application, they are signed in to their personal workspace and no active organization is set. Even if they are a member of only one organization, they must explicitly set it as active or the application can have logic to set this automatically. 
```

## Active organization

> By default, when a user signs in to a Clerk-powered application, there is no active organization set. Even if they are a member of only one organization, they must explicitly set it as active.

Reviewer: nit: If a user had signed in, become active in an organization and then signs in again they would still be active in that organization.

Maybe "By default, when a user initially signs up or in to a Clerk-powered application..."?

I get the confusion of the customer who initially reported this page, but I feel like the information that is being removed is good but just poorly worded and confusing. @alexisintech -- maybe we could chat Monday afternoon for 15 minutes and see what we can come up with?

Reviewer 2: This is a good suggestion - adding "initially" does clarify a bit here. We could also shift the framing a little from "there's no active organization set" to "the user has a 'personal workspace' that is set to active, even if they are a member of one or more organizations"
